---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: grups
author: Andrew Kuklewicz
author_login: admin
author_email: andrew@beginsinwonder.com
author_url: http://
wordpress_id: 9
wordpress_url: http://beginsinwonder.com/2006/04/02/grups/
date: '2006-04-02 13:40:00 -0400'
date_gmt: '2006-04-02 07:40:00 -0400'
categories:
- Uncategorized
tags: []
comments: []
---
<p><a href="http://newyorkmetro.com/news/features/16529/index.html">Grups</a>, at least the etymology is a clever repurposing from "speculative" pseudo-Twilight Zone original Star Trek sci-fi, monosyllabic, and easy to remember.</p>
<p>Gen-x is too old, gen-y is too young, and a guy who would rather buy scissors for $5 and cut his own hair than spend $100 at a salon cannot be described as "metro"; but now, it seems, I have been labeled. sigh.</p>
<p>I feel less than comforted, and it certainly makes me rethink buying a 3rd pair of pumas (oh, yeah wore them before they were cool and had a huge Newbury St. store).<br />I haven't bought distressed jeans since an embarrassing acid wash incident in the actual 80s - most folks I know got their distressed blues by never throwing them away (and for a few of us, by still being able to fit into what we bought 15 yrs ago).</p>
<p>Maybe it will catch on, maybe it won't. I just can't get all that excited by yet another attempt to establish a stereotype for fertile aging cool kids. Besides I have more jazz than Interpol on my iPod, thanks very much.</p>
<p>I think this may be like writing a horoscope for the 30-ish; there is enough there in its 8 pages for us all to read and find a few things applicable, while remaining vague, superficial and a bit obvious.</p>
<p>You don't want to wear a suit!<br />You wear jeans and a hoody!<br />You would rather snowboard than work!<br />You never stopped listening to new music!<br /><a href="http://newyorkmetro.com/news/features/16529/index.html">GRUP</a>!</p>
